Samples
=====================

The recommendation is to run samples in the following order (from the more simple ones to more complex ones):

1. **RawMsgJs**  
    Javascript client and C# server.    
    Sending/receiving raw text messages.  
    *Server is receiving messages form a client and sends back altered messages.*

2. **ServerClientSample/++**  
    C# client and server.   
    Two way RPC: .NET <-> .NET.  
    *Server is executing long running task on the client's request and sending progress notifications to to client.*

3. **ClientJs**  
    Javascript client and C# server.  
    Two way RPC: .NET <-> Javascript.  
    *Server is executing long running task on the client's request and sending progress notifications to to client.
    Client's code is autogenerated.*

4. **MultiService**  
    Javascript client(s) and C# server.   
    Introduction to multi-services RPC.  
    *Server has two services: numeric and text services / classes. Two Javascript files for each of the services are autogenerated.*

5. **Serialization**  
    Javascript client and C# server.   
    Image serialization example.  
    *Server has image-processing service which receives an image url and gives processed image back to a Javascript client.*

6. **AspRpc**  
    Javascript client and C# server.   
    ASP.NET library integration.  
    *Server has reporting service initiatted and stopped on the client's request.*

**Remarks**  
+ Samples that contain multiple executables have *'Run.bat'* for one-click run.
